hey as it's sarah and today i'm going to
be doing a requested video from line
lets the lamb 13 um and she requested um
that my new moon Jane inspired look on
the part to that was the hair I'm sure
that she is really like much shorter
hair like about shoulder length and she
was mine jewel for Halloween so wanting
to know what alternative for if you had
short hair on how you could get the same
look so um basically we took this club
out I would start the same way as I did
in the other tutorial um with just
gathering up as a little hair from the
top as possible and sectioning it off
and then I am twisted it up in the back
I'll put a link to the first video on
the cyber so you can see but I just kind
of twisted it up and then have like this
little section that i put in a bun and
then I twisted the top layers back and
twisted them around the pond that's kind
of just a really quick overview sorry
that's a little confusing um I'll put
the actual tutorial in the sidebar but
basically I would do the exact same
thing on the bottom um but then whenever
you get to the top section um let's say
you've twisted up the bottom hair and
you don't have much of a bun at all
because your hair short what i would do
is get a little section on Oh like fake
hair you can get these at Claire's
walmart ulta and they're like under
fifteen dollars at the most just you
know it's not meant to be great-looking
hair um but basically don't start with
something even wear but you could use
for like you know Halloween or something
like that so I would just that guys have
twist up the hair in
back and then whenever you get to the
top part I would just put the fake hair
and a little bun and just pin it right
where the bunny supposed to view it
right here and then if you have select
you would have the volume and the hair
right at the back and then for the front
of the hair on if you like really short
layers or if you have bangs I would
still try to twist the hair like i did
in the actual video i'm still trying to
set up as much as you can and then just
pin it back so if you're not able to
take the rest of the hair wrap it around
the bun um that's okay um because you
would have the fake hair from the bun
and if you needed to could get like two
pieces of think hair and you could put
one in a bun and then you could just
leave the other one straight and just
wrap it around the bun like I did in the
original hair tutorial and then just you
know twist the front sections and just
like pin them to the side of your head
and if you have bangs you could just
pull them back flat don't add volume or
anything just pull them back and pin
them and then with the rest of the hair
you can just um twist it and pin it back
as far as you can so that is how I would
do it if I had shorter hair um if any of
those steps are kind of confusing um let
me know in the comments and I'll explain
it as best as i can so i hope i hope
that was helpful um and
buddy that has shorter hair wanting to
that hairstyle for that is going to use
the mighty so I'll shot you guys soon
bye